A young Asian girl is kneeling down in the sand packing it with her hand into the container.
a little girl is kneeling in sand.
 the girl scoops some sand.
She then flips her toy over and makes a sand castle.
 the girl puts the sand down and makes a castle.
A screen with text is shown.
 Two children play with a slide.
kids are in a playground playing in a small slide.
 The two children play in a small toy house.
 kids are in a room playing and enters in a small white playhouse.
 The two children return to playing with the slide.
 the kids back to the slide in the playground.
 The two children return to playing with the house.
A young girl is seen swinging back and fourth on a set of monkey bars while staring at the camera.
A child uses monkey bars on a playground.
 She continues swinging back and fourth across the bars and jumps down onto a beam.
A child uses monkey bars on a playground.
  The child goes back the way they came.
A man introduces a video about how he will assemble a new bike he just got.
 The guy stands, talks, and displays item.
 He unpacks the bike from the bow that it came in and removes the plastic.
 Be begins by attaching the handlebars to the bike.
 Then he attaches the front and back wheels to the bike.
 The guy removes a bike from a box, unwraps it, and puts the parts together.
 Someone rides off on the bike and the video ends with the closing credits.
A woman is seen speaking to the camera while holding an accordion and and moving her hands around.
A woman is standing on a lit stage.
 She is holding an accordian as she talks.
 She demonstrates how to play the instrument while still speaking to the camera and moving all around.
 She is holding an accordian as she talks.
A woman walks into a living room and begins washing her hands and dries her hand on a grey towel.
A blue title page appears along with words stating that the video will be about how to apply contact lens.
A lady wearing a white robe then appears walking in the bathroom towards a mirror and washes her hand first.
She then takes her contact lens,shakes them and then pulls,pour and slides it out and puts it upright on her finger.
Secondly,she grabs the contact,shakes it,pours liquid in it and slides the contact out to the edge of her finger.
After,she puts the contact in her eye and the liquid she uses is shown.
When the lens is properly positioned,she grabs her eyelid and places the lens on her pupil and then blinks it into place.
Once the complete process is finish,the bottle of Dailies is placed on the counter and the lady winks at the end.
Two men are sitting at the table with their arms positioned to arm wrestle.
 The young men are holding each other's hands as they arm wrestle each other.
two men are sitting a ta table holding hands.
 one man starts shoving the other mans hands toward the table.
Two men are sitting at the table with their arms positioned to arm wrestle.
 The young men are holding each other's hands as they arm wrestle each other.
 one man starts shoving the other mans hands toward the table.
 the two have an arm wrestling match.
 The man in white beat the man in black sleeveless shirt.
 the two have an arm wrestling match.
A woman is seen speaking to the camera and leads into her riding a bike.
A young woman is standing in the middle of a gym with two dumb bells in her hands and a microphone attached to her head.
 The woman speaks into a microphone leading a class while riding on a bike as well as weight lifting.
When the lady finishes talking,she begins riding the elliptical before doing a set of lifting dumb bells.
 The woman continues to ride on the end as well as teach her class.
She then returns on the bike and continues instructing the glass as the other women in the classroom mimic her behavior.
A woman is seen smoking a cigarette while nodding and speaking to the camera.
A woman is sitting in a chair smoking a cigarette.
 She continues taking puffs off of her cigarette while stroking her hair and occasionally giggling to the camera.
A woman is sitting in a chair smoking a cigarette.
 She has a glass ash tray on a table next to her.
A little girl on stage in a cheerleading outfit waiting to start her performance.
A young girl stands in a gym wearing a cheerleader outfit.
 The starts her cheer and begins to do flips down the entire stage.
 The girl performs several routines for the crowd.
 She bends down on one knee and does some more of her performance.
 The girl performs several routines for the crowd.
 Then she  keeps dancing, she does a move and it looks like she falls a little bit but plays it off well and stands back up.
Several people on dirt bikes explode out of a gate.
 They begin racing around a dirt track, jumping hills and competing for first place.
 They start to race around a dirt track.
 People in the stands are watching them race.
A male gymnast is on a mat in front of judges preparing to begin his routine.
A boy jumps onto a balance beam.
The boy then jumps on the beam grabbing the bars and doing several spins across the balance beam.
 He does a gymnastics routine on the balance beam.
He then moves into a hand stand and jumps off the bar into the floor.
A view is seen of a child pushing a lawn mower.
A woman says: Desmin  is now old enough to cut the grass while the boy pushes the lawnmower across the lawn.
 He pushes it far across the lawn, then turns.
 After that, she doesn't say anything else and the boy is seen pushing the lawnmower in different directions and the woman speaks again.
 He continues mowing for the entire video.
 In the end, the boy is tired and is still mowing the lawn while the woman says good job desmin.
A man prepares for a high jump.
A young man performs a high jump over a raised white pole and onto a red mat on an outdoor sports field at night.
  A young man stands, at night, in shorts and does brief stretches before getting a running start and running towards a raised bar.
  The man then completes the high jump successfully.
A young man performs a high jump over a raised white pole and onto a red mat on an outdoor sports field at night.
  The man hurls himself in the air and jumps over the raised pole backwards after which he lands on a thick red gym mat on the other side.
We see a puppet in an eye doctors office.
Kermit The Frog is talking to the camera in a doctor's office.
 We see a few title and instruction scenes.
 We see an animated man pick up a seed and go the process of extracting oil as instructions show on the screen.
 a jungle is shown and a fruit fall from a tree.
 We then see images of people in Africa washing face and smiling.
 a man picks up the fruit and begins processing it.
 We see a lady and a doctor in the eye doctor office and we then see the ending screen.
 a man picks up the fruit and begins processing it.
litle blonde kid is waking up and throw a eddy to her sister in the other bed and stands in front of a draer looking fo clothes.
A white sand covered beach is shown by the ocean.
 kids are running in the outside and pulling a cart into a sandy beach.
 the two girls and a kid are doing a sandcastle on seashore.
 the kids step on the sandcastle and destroy it and walks into the shore and sunbathe on top of towels.
 A little girl wakes up and rises her sister.
 kid gives a seashell to the girls and walks in the seashore jumping and laughing and then the credits appears.
 They run to the beach to play in the sand together.
A young child is seen sitting on a bar with another girl showing her teeth to the camera.
A little girl is sitting on a bench in front of a wall.
 A woman is painting her toe nails with polish.
 The girl opens the box to take an object out while the young girl laughs to the camera.
 A woman is painting her toe nails with polish.
 The girl continues taking items out of the box while the girl looks and laughs.
 The woman smiles at the camera and the little girl watches.
A manager explains the players how to play Jai-Alai while a group of boys observe the training.
 Then, the players take turns to hit balls, and the manager shows to hit the ball.
People are hitting balls into a net with a stick.
 People stand on the sidelines watching them.
 Also, a Jai-Alai macot hit a ball using the Jai-Alai cesta.
 A person dressed up in a bunny costume stands next to them.
 After, a players throw balls on front a goal.
People are hitting balls into a net with a stick.
The camera shows a cake on top of a stove.
 A text list of ingredients and equipment for the cake is shown.
A rectangular bowl of cake is top of stove followed by the ingredients and equipments list.
 A montage of scenes showing the sequential steps of the cake recipe is shown.
 After mixing the cake ingredients she pour it on a glass bowl and put it inside the oven, bake it and insert a toothpick in the middle and inspect it and pull out the cake.
A man talks and shows a package of contact lenses.
A man is talking to the camera.
 Then, the man takes off his glasses and take a contact lens with his finger, then he puts again his glasses.
 He is wearing a pair of black glasses.
 After, the man takes off his glasses, then  open his eye with two fingers and put the contact lens.
 He is wearing a pair of black glasses.
 Next, the man put the contact lens in the other eye.
 He takes off the glasses and applies contact lenses.
Three females are dressed in all black in a horizontal line on a red mat.
They then begin to move simultaneously together moving their legs and hands with fans in their right hands.
Three people wearing all black are standing on a red carpet.
 They begin to dance and wave fans around.
 People are standing behind them watching them.
All of the girls continue to move stealthy doing numerous lunges and acts of a ninja.
Three people wearing all black are standing on a red carpet.
 They begin to dance and wave fans around.
 People are standing behind them watching them.
A man is seen paying pool on a table and pausing to point to the balls and table.
 He stops to speak to the camera and continues hitting the balls around.
 Several people watch him on the side while he demonstrates how to shoot and ends by shooting several balls at once and cheering.
 He hits the balls one last time.
A man pushes a toddler in a swing.
 Then, the boy walks and pass on side the toddler.
There's a little baby dressed in a purple outfit swinging on a swing in children's park with her father standing next to her.
 The baby laughs every time her father swings her and tickles her knees.
 There's a young boy in a black shirt and beige shorts right behind the baby playing and walking towards the swing next to the baby.
 A boy jumps knelled behind the toddler.
 There's a young boy in a black shirt and beige shorts right behind the baby playing and walking towards the swing next to the baby.
A man pushes a toddler in a swing.
 Then, the boy walks and pass on side the toddler.
There's a little baby dressed in a purple outfit swinging on a swing in children's park with her father standing next to her.
 There's a young boy in a black shirt and beige shorts right behind the baby playing and walking towards the swing next to the baby.
A man reads a sheet of paper while sitting on the food, then he opens a bread and puts ham on.
 He reads from a piece of paper in front of him.
 After, the man add on top the ham mayonnaise, tomato sauce, cheese and brown sauce from a can.
 After, the man put cereal, chicken nuggets and a doll.
 He then uses the ingredients on the table to create a sandwich.
 Next, the man closes the bread and try to put inside the sandwich inside a tube with the help of a person.
 He then uses the ingredients on the table to create a sandwich.
A young woman is seen standing behind a netting area with a swing in her hand and moving in slow motion.
A woman is standing behind a green fence.
 She swings a ball on a chain around her several times.
 She then throws the object around while she spins and finally throw it off into the distance while looking away.
A woman is standing behind a green fence.
 She swings a ball on a chain around her several times.
 She releases the ball and throws it in front of her.
A person is seen sitting on a train with skateboard sitting in their laps and another skateboarder sleeping.
People are seen looking at the camera and walking around an area.
 The people walk for a bit and then are seen riding their boards along a city.
People are seen looking at the camera and walking around an area.
 The men ride along the city while several people on bikes ride around and the camera pans over people in the city.
 Several clips are then shown of people riding skateboards in crowded areas.
 More shots of the city are shown as well as a large group of people indoors and outdoors.
 The people ride all around a city while looking to the camera and pushing their board.
A rivers roaring rapids are about to carry a large group of rafters.
 They come down the rapid hard, pushing against a rock before digging out.
 Another group goes down perfectly, right down the middle.
 The next group also comes down the middle but turns around and gets splashed.
 The group after them hits a few rocks before descending, crashing into the side.
 The next few groups come on down perfectly and cheer.
people are kayaking on rapids on the river.
 people are in yellow kayaks wearing life jackets.
 people in rapids ara kayaking sitting on boats.
A small group of people are seen riding around on a bus followed by using a rope to climb up a wall.
 They are putting on their equipment.
 Another man is shown climbing u the wall to assist the others as they watch and ride in the back of a car.
 They then rapel up the side of the cliff.
A man is skiing down some snow at a very fast speed.
The person is skiing in extremely cold weather using one hand as he holds the selfie stick recording himself with the other.
 Snow is building up all over his face, it looks extremely cold.
The person is skiing in extremely cold weather using one hand as he holds the selfie stick recording himself with the other.
  He kind of almost falls down but continues moving.
 Soon, someone else comes along and starts to watch, but eventually does the same thing as he guides his way through the snowy paths.
 He is skiing fast through trees, passing by other skiers, he continues to go so fast.
 This person records himself and another person skiing in the snow.
A small wooden table with some bottles on it are shown, along with the lower half of an individual standing by it and gesturing.
 The person is waving their hands over the two items as the camera zooms in.
 The individual drizzles liquid on the table.
 The next scene shows the top of the table and liquid being poured over the top after a few seconds a person begins wiping the solution into the table in small circular motions.
 The individual polishes the wooden table surface with a towel.
 The next scene shows the top of the table and liquid being poured over the top after a few seconds a person begins wiping the solution into the table in small circular motions.
Three kids are at the table, the little girl at the center is mixing the bowl while dancing.
 The kids are licking their fingers and spatula.
 One of the girls begins by adding two cups of flour to a large green bowl.
 The girls are adding ingredients in the bowl and then mixing the ingredients at the same time.
There are three young children standing next to a kitchen counter in their kitchen showing a baking recipe.
 The little girl in the middle stirs the mixture in circular motion.
 Then she adds some melted butter to the mixture and stirs it again.
 The kids wiped the platter, the adult put the batter in the oven and then took it out then the kids added decorations on the cake.
There are three young children standing next to a kitchen counter in their kitchen showing a baking recipe.
 Once the cake is ready, they put some white butter forsting on and decorate the cake with sprinkles.
A lady gives a man a piece of paper.
 The man fills a white bowl with food.
 He then taunts the customer with the cup, keeping it out of reach.
 The man slides the bowl towards the lady.
A video of water polo is shown in the gym.
  A few people watch and the ball goes back and forth.
 There is a competition set up between two teams back and forth trying to make goals.
 Then they are shown playing a water sport that involves making goals with a yellow ball in the pool, while referees in white stand by.
A video of water polo is shown in the gym.
  A few people watch and the ball goes back and forth.
 There is a competition set up between two teams back and forth trying to make goals.
 Then they are shown playing a water sport that involves making goals with a yellow ball in the pool, while referees in white stand by.
A man plays a saxophone on stage as a couple dances in front of him.
A man in a black suit and a woman in a white gown dance in front of a room filled with people eating dinner, on a platform with fireworks, smoke and a live saxophone player playing music in a white suit and hat.
  The couple dance on the stage as fireworks erupt from the side of the stage.
 They are a bride and groom, the bride ornately dressed as they perform their first dance amongst smoke and sparklers before their guests.
A man in a black suit and a woman in a white gown dance in front of a room filled with people eating dinner, on a platform with fireworks, smoke and a live saxophone player playing music in a white suit and hat.
  The couple continues to dance fireworks and smoke like mist on the stage  as the saxophone player plays and photographs are taken from the sides of the platform.
A woman carry a bucket with soapy water.
A woman's butt is shown close up as she walks away holding a bucket of soap.
 Then, the woman wash a red car doing sexy moves.
 A man notices nearby as he cuts the grass as well as a dog in the car.
 A man looks the woman while mows grass.
 A man notices nearby as he cuts the grass as well as a dog in the car.
 A dog is inside a black car.
 After, the woman shows his old face.
A man suprises a woman in the bathroom while she is brushing her teeth in a bathroom.
 A toothbrush appears on screen while brushing a set of false teeth, the words "Modified Bass" are overlaid.
 The man talks while the woman brushes her teeth.
 A man walks into the room behind her.
 The toothbrush returns to brush the false teeth.
  The man continues to talk while the woman brushes her teeth.
 A video subscribe screen appears for Coma Niddy.
 The white logo "PBS|digital studios" appears on a black screen.
A person is drawing on a sweet potato.
  A person cuts a potato to make a star stamp.
 They fill a basket with hair products.
 A basket of gifts are assembled.
 She rips out pages from a music book.
A man is in the bathroom with a flip phone and an electrical razor.
While recording with his phone in his left hand,he begins shaving his beard with his right hand until all of his hair is gone.
 The man then begins shaving his face while holding up a phone.
Several boats are shown as people stand on them preparing to do water activities.
 Several kids are then shown with their life jacket on and they are put into an object with seats on them and three of them are pulled by a boat.
  Instructors are shown giving disabled children a chance at fun with specialized equipment for water skiing.
As the kids continue with their water sports,some of them come to the camera and start talking about their experience.
 After,all of the people are shown in the grass holding up a flier and waving to the camera and they look like the people who were part of the Dreams for Kids organization and made it possible for the kids to go to.
After the kids go up and down on a bounce house and a young girl comes back and begins talking with her sound box in her hand.
  Camp instructors and children give testimonials on the experience.
A close up of a water go pro camera is then shown and more people are shown in a water object being pulled by the boat.
A video is shown of an outdoor water ski camp for kids.
  A graphic screen is shown with the camp logo, followed by a website address, sponsors of the camp, the media company and it's website address and a slogan.
Several girls are on a court.
 The take turns shooting hoops.
 Several make it in the hoop.
 They stand in a line.
 The girl one by one rent to the basketball and threw the balls.
 The girls dribble the ball as then do a lay up to the basket.
Several girls are on a court.
 The take turns shooting hoops.
 Several make it in the hoop.
 They stand in a line.
 The girl one by one rent to the basketball and threw the balls.
 The girls dribble the ball as then do a lay up to the basket.
Several girls are on a court.
 The take turns shooting hoops.
 Several make it in the hoop.
 They stand in a line.
 The girl one by one rent to the basketball and threw the balls.
 The girls dribble the ball as then do a lay up to the basket.
Several girls are on a court.
 The take turns shooting hoops.
 Several make it in the hoop.
 They stand in a line.
 The girls dribble the ball as then do a lay up to the basket.
A man and a woman sail in a boat down the river while moving the oars.
 Two other individuals paddle a canoe down the river.
 Two new individuals paddle down the river.
 People in boats are on more calm waters.
A female weight lifter bends at the knees.
A person is seen bending down before a set of weights.
 She lifts a barbell to her chest.
 She then lifts it over her head before dropping it heavily to the ground.
 She lifts up the weight over her head.
 She throws the weight back down while smiling to the camera.
A large group of people are seen standing around an area with a man standing in front.
 A runner prepares to do the long jump at one end of the field.
 The man then begins running down the track with others watching.
Men are outside at the field for a track and field event.
 He begins his running approach and jump.
 Finally he jumps into a pit in the end and others measure his throw.
 He lands and they mark his distance.
Two kids are crossing a slack line over a blue mat.
a lot of people are standing in square around two kids.
 a young and a kid are doing balance in a balance rope.
 A man in a red jacket holds a microphone.
 A man in a gray shirt is doing tricks on a slack line.
 people are walking in a bridge to see a competition of men doing tricks on top of a balance rope.
 man is jumping and dping tricks in a balance rope above a cold river.
 People are seen standing in front of a stage.
People are standing behind large drums.
 A man begins playing the drums.
 The group then begins playing on a set of drums.
People are standing behind large drums.
 A man begins playing the drums.
 The group then begins playing on a set of drums.
 The people continue playing and stop to shake hands with a man.
 He turns next to him and shakes the hand of a man in a suit.
An image is shown of a pumpkin appearing to flame out of its head.
A small group of people are seen carving pumpkins with one man screwing his.
 a man is drilling the holes and designs into the pumpkin.
 Two men are seen kneeling outside with one pouring liquid into pumpkins.
 He then demonstrates how to light the fire by pouring a fluid inside and lighting it.
 The pumpkins are then lit on fire and put on display.
A man is seen cutting trees in a backyard while the camera pans around the area.
 More men are seen cutting hedges on the lawn as well as the trees up high.
People are standing in a back yard.
 They begin cutting a hedge with a saw.
 Several men work together on the home and the camera pans around the yard in the end.
People are standing in a back yard.
A man stands with a cup in hand next to a horse.
A man is standing in front of a horse.
 The horse begins to drink from the man's cup.
 Some kids and some dogs stand buy and watch.
 He is holding a cup up to the horse's mouth.
 The man begins to extend his arm offering the cup to the horse.
 The horse proceeds to like the cup dry.
 The horse is eating the feed while dogs pick up the mess that drops.
A woman stands in front of a vanity mirror and brushes her hair.
A woman with a very long black hair is combing her hair in front of the mirror.
 The woman stands up from a chair and her hair flows over the backrest.
 She stands up from a orange chair showing her very long hair and put something on the window.
 The long hair is tied up into a bun.
 A friend combs the woman's long hair.
Another person starts to fix, comb and braid her very long hair.
 A friend braids the woman's hair while she sits.
People spin around and throw balls onto a field.
 The crowd watches them throw the balls.
This is a shot put and discus throw music video.
 Next he is shown doing it outdoors where lots of people are watching.
People spin around and throw balls onto a field.
 The crowd watches them throw the balls.
This is a shot put and discus throw music video.
 Next he is shown doing it outdoors where lots of people are watching.
 A man is laying on his back lifting a large weight over his body.
a man is running in a field.
A man is shown running down a track and smiling to the camera.
 The man drinks from a water bottle.
A man is shown running down a track and smiling to the camera.
 the man continues to run.
 He sprays himself with water while continuing to run.
 the man talks to the camera off and on, but the man continues to run.
 He continues speaking to the camera while running all over.
We see opening credits for a competition.
 Men are preparing to arm wrestle.
 We see men arm wrestling in an arena.
A group of people are gathered at a table.
 Two men engage in a game of arm wrestling.
 The man in gray walks away and goes to another match.
 We see a match in slow motion.
 We see more words on the screen.
 Two men hug each other, and the man in the tanktop gets a gold trophy.
  We then see closing images of the man.
 They pull and push trying to bend their opponent's arm.
People ride horses in the shallow waters of the sea.
Some people are recording themselves as they ride on horseback through the water on a beach.
 People ride the horses in the water along the shore.
Some people are recording themselves as they ride on horseback through the water on a beach.
 A horse defecates in the water.
 At one point they see a school of fishes in the water.
 People form a line with the horses while riding in the ocean.
A person is seek walking around knitting and leads into a woman hosting a news segment.
A person is seen knitting close up and leads into a woman speaking.
 The man runs down the street while knitting in his hands.
 Many people are seen running around while knitting and leads into a clip of a man playing an instrument in a street corner.
 The woman continues to speak and shows a marching band playing.
The video takes place in a kitchen.
 The woman begins demonstrating how to remodel a kitchen.
 She soon applies wallpaper while speaking to the camera.
A camera pans around a room and shows a woman working.
 The woman speaks to the camera and continues cleaning up the kitchen.
 She sprays paint on a stove and cuts up a picture of a map.
 She lays down the map and shows off the camera while smiling.
 A clip of a woman applying wallpaper is shown.
  The woman then begins speaking to the camera.
The video takes place in a kitchen.
 The woman begins demonstrating how to remodel a kitchen.
 She soon applies wallpaper while speaking to the camera.
 The woman speaks to the camera and continues cleaning up the kitchen.
 She sprays paint on a stove and cuts up a picture of a map.
 She lays down the map and shows off the camera while smiling.
The video takes place in a kitchen.
 The woman begins demonstrating how to remodel a kitchen.
 She soon applies wallpaper while speaking to the camera.
 The woman speaks to the camera and continues cleaning up the kitchen.
 She sprays paint on a stove and cuts up a picture of a map.
 The woman then places the final touches of the remodel, such as covering outlets and putting plates on the table.
 She lays down the map and shows off the camera while smiling.
 The video ends with the camera showing the newly remodeled kitchen.
 She lays down the map and shows off the camera while smiling.
We see  two young people playing shuffle board on the deck of a cruise ship.
A child is seen pushing a puck as well as a girl standing next to him.
 The two play shuffleboard while others play with them.
 We see a speedboat riding on a the ocean.
 We switch to two adults playing shuffleboard.
 The two play shuffleboard while others play with them.
 The camera turns on it's side then straight.
 The little girl holding the camera speaks to the camera.
 The little girl turns the camera on herself and talks again.
A bathroom sink is shown in front of a woman.
 A woman is at the sink.
A person is standing at a sink.
 They spray the sink and start cleaning it with a toothbrush.
 She is showing how to clean the sink using a toothbrush.
 They wipe the sink with a towel afterwards.
 She scrubs and then wipes down the sink.
 They wipe the sink with a towel afterwards.
Two people are seen facing one another in a ring and lead into them performing various flips and kicks around one another.
 They proceed to fight in slow motion.
 The men continue kicking and jumping around one another while many watch on the sides and one man knocks the other down.
 They fight in several methods used in kickboxing.
ingredients are shown on top of table with bowls.
Ingredients are shown on a counter.
 cake mix in bowl with water and oil and eggs and is mixed till moistened and is divided in bowls and poured into pan and in the oven.
 when is ready is combined with frost and candies on top.
 They frost the cake with blue frosting and add sprinkles.
The credits of the clip are shown.
 An individual tries to stop a charging bull.
 It runs, aimed at the man in front of him.
  The credits of the video are shown.
Several people are on bikes in a room.
 They all peddle in place.
 The camera pans back and forth between them.
 They keep peddling the whole time.
A large group of people are seen moving around on exercise bikes.
 The group move together while the camera pans around.
 The group continues riding the bikes together.
Several people are on bikes in a room.
 They all peddle in place.
 The camera pans back and forth between them.
 They keep peddling the whole time.
A large group of people are seen moving around on exercise bikes.
 The group move together while the camera pans around.
 The group continues riding the bikes together.
Several people are on bikes in a room.
 They all peddle in place.
 The camera pans back and forth between them.
 They keep peddling the whole time.
A large group of people are seen moving around on exercise bikes.
 The group move together while the camera pans around.
 The group continues riding the bikes together.
Several people are on bikes in a room.
 They all peddle in place.
 The camera pans back and forth between them.
 They keep peddling the whole time.
A large group of people are seen moving around on exercise bikes.
 The group move together while the camera pans around.
 The group continues riding the bikes together.
A wrestler is seen walking out in front of an audience and sitting on the floor.
A sumo is slowly walking into an indoor arena where there a lot of spectators in the stands, and people already on the sumo wrestling stage.
 Two men are then seen walking out onto a pit with one throwing dirt and kneeling down.
The two sumo men are in the sumo ring with the referee in the middle of them off to the side and they begin to wrestle one another trying to push each other out of the ring while the referee runs from side to side to monitor the situations.
 The men begin fighting with one pushing another out and leads into several more clips of the men wrestling.
 Eventually the taller sumo pushes the smaller guy out of the ring and they fall a little into the audience but both remain on their feet and go back onto the ring to catch their breaths and have the referee announce the winner.
 The replay of the round won plays in slow motion and at different angles.
A lady is washing dishes in a kitchen.
A woman is standing at a sink.
 She is scrubbing a pan in the sink.
 The camera moves to her right side.
 A man plays with her hair.
 The man touches her arm.
 The camera blurs on the girls face.
 She turns the faucet on and washes off the pan.
A young man is seen sitting in a chair with a woman walking around him and cutting his hair.
 He is wearing a cape as she turns him side to side.
 The woman continues cutting around the sides and moves the chair to cut more.
 She uses clippers to trim and shape his hair.
A group of girls are seen standing at a ballet barre performing movements behind one another.
 The camera pans around the girls as they warm up and move along the bar.
 More shots are shown of them grabbing their legs as well as kicking them high and standing around one another.
Girls are practicing ballet moves next to a bar.
 They do several high kicks before holding their leg straight up into the air and turning around several times.
 The camera pans around the girls as they warm up and move along the bar.
 More shots are shown of them grabbing their legs as well as kicking them high and standing around one another.
Girls are practicing ballet moves next to a bar.
 They do several high kicks before holding their leg straight up into the air and turning around several times.
We see an opening title screen.
An introduction comes onto the screen for a video about rock climbing and a man introduces what will happen in the video.
 We see a landscape in the desert.
 We see a man talking.
 We then see one man climbing a sheer cliff.
 A men in a blue shirt is shown climbing all the way to the top of a rock.
 We see the climber from a distance.
 We see the man from a distance and as he reaches the top.
 We see the man talking and hug his dog.
 The video ends with a final shot of the rock climber and his dog as well as the closing credits.
 We then see the ending screen again.
A bald man is shaving the back of another man's head.
A guy cuts a man's hair with a clipper.
 The bald man put his leg over the man's thigh to look at the front of the other man's hair.
A guy cuts a man's hair with a clipper.
 The guy seats on the sink.
 The bald man move away from the man and continue to shave.
A guy cuts a man's hair with a clipper.
A person have a car tire that is broken down into two pieces.
the guy then squeeze dish washing liquid around the edge of the other side of the tire to make it easy to fit back around the middle center piece.
the person then squeeze dish washing liquid around the edge of the tire,flips it over and tries to put the tire around the middle piece with a metal stick.
A person puts a tire onto a wheel with a tool.
A person have a car tire that is broken down into two pieces.
the guy then squeeze dish washing liquid around the edge of the other side of the tire to make it easy to fit back around the middle center piece.
the guy then sprays the tire with some type of liquid and another guy uses a long stick with fire on the end of it to do some thing.
 They spray the tire with something from a can.
finally the guy pump air back into the car tire.
A person is seen sitting behind a set of bongo drums and speaking to people off in the distance.
There's a man in a gray shirt and black hat sitting on a stool in his living room with a set of banjo drums in front of him and a couch behind him that some more music instruments on it.
 He is demonstrating how to play the banjo drums as he beats the drum rhythmically.
 He alternately hits the drums to keep up with the rhythm and follow the beats.
 He hits the drums with his palms facing directly on the drums.
 The men then plays on the drums while stopping to speak and continuing to play.
There's a man in a gray shirt and black hat sitting on a stool in his living room with a set of banjo drums in front of him and a couch behind him that some more music instruments on it.
 He is demonstrating how to play the banjo drums as he beats the drum rhythmically.
 He alternately hits the drums to keep up with the rhythm and follow the beats.
 He hits the drums with his palms facing directly on the drums.
 He continue splaying the banjo drums as he explains the techniques involved in playing.
There are some people including small children near a soccer field.
 There are some man playing with small children on the lawn.
 A boy runs after a ball and stands on the base.
 The adult runs back and fourth while others still play kickball.
 A small boy is playing by himself a he stands on a large square tile.
 A man dressed in a blue shirt come running towards him and points out his finger, indicating to the boy to go there.
A small child is seen standing on a base with an older man pointing.
 The boy gets off the tile and walks to another tile.
A small child is seen standing on a base with an older man pointing.
 Then another little boy wearing a gray shirt comes to that tile and begins playing.
 The other little boy moves away to another tile.
There are some people including small children near a soccer field.
 There are some man playing with small children on the lawn.
 A boy runs after a ball and stands on the base.
 The adult runs back and fourth while others still play kickball.
 The little boy comes running towards some children and his father follows him.
 The adult runs back and fourth while others still play kickball.
A man and woman are seen performing a tango routine that leads into another couple performing a tango routine.
 The two begin to dance together.
 The new couple continues dancing around the stage with one another and ends by holding a pose and presenting each other.
 The two begin to dance together.
A small girl is seen walking a large dog around on a leash.
 She is holding a long leash.
A taller and shorter man are standing in a track field dressed in sports clothes and talking to the camera.
Two men are standing behind the fence.
 The short man is talking to the camera then to the man next to him.
 The taller man is holding a shot put in his right hand and holding it up to his neck as he demonstrates the stance and movements he goes through to throw the shot put and then eventually throws it.
 The shorter man is now holding the shot put and throws it while the taller man is standing next to him observing.
 The taller man once again demonstrates how he throws the shot put and then really throws it very far.
 The shorter man takes a turn again and uses the same technique the taller man just demonstrated and throws the first one in bounds and then the second one very out of bounds.
The shorter man attempt the throw again and this time he makes it inbound and they both cheer his success.
Both of the men are back to standing together and once again talking to the camera.
A man is shown putting plaster on the sides of a small, enclosed area.
A man is standing in a room.
 He is throwing putty onto a wall in front of him.
 He is holding a board with putty on it.
 He holds an object in his hands and finally looks back towards the camera.
A man is standing in a room.
 He is throwing putty onto a wall in front of him.
 He is holding a board with putty on it.
An intro screen appears with a maroon screen and gold and black letters that say "Cheddar's FROM OUR SCRATCH KITCHEN".
A white screen then appears and the black words on the screen read "how to sharpen your knives".
 A talking man dressed in a chef's coat appears in kitchen with knives and sharpening supplies in front of him on a cutting board and he picks up different object on the cutting board and talks about each one.
The man then grabs the knife and starts gliding it over the block very gently and smoothly before hitting it over a silver steel stick.
The man then picks up a bottle and squirts some liquid onto one of the objects, and picks up a knife and starts dragging it on both sides along the oil that is on the object.
The man then grabs the knife and starts gliding it over the block very gently and smoothly before hitting it over a silver steel stick.
The man then removes the object and starts rubbing the knife along the hand towel that was under the object and he picks up another tool and begins rubbing the knife along it and once again rubs the knife down with the hand towel.
When finish,he grabs a piece of paper and shows how it cuts so effortlessly.
The man then grabs a piece of paper, and while talking he starts to cut it while holding it in the air.
The outro ends with a still shot of the man holding the knife to the sharpening object and the word "Cheddar's" on the bottom left.
A large group of people are seen playing a soccer match on a large beach while the camera moves closer to watch them play.
Several kids are running around on a sandy beach.
 The kids continued to play up and down the beach and ends with pictures of the kids on the beach.
 They are chasing a ball as they kick it to each other.
A picture of girls in front of the camera leads into a clip of one pole volting over a bar and performing various exercises around a gym.
There are three girls that seem to be very close friends and they have had their final practice together.
 They took many pictures and recording of the practice for memories sake.
 The girls continue to exercise with one another and ends with them jumping on one another and more pictures.
 They seem to be very close and enjoy their last practice to the fullest, having fun instead of being sad.
 They are ready for nationals at this point and are planning to do great and are grateful for being able to practice at a nice place.
A man is seen speaking to the camera while holding a tennis racket.
A man is playing a game inside a court.
 The man is then shown in several shots hitting a ball around a closed in area with another person.
 He engages in a game of racquetball.
 The man continues to hit the ball around the room with another person while speaking to the camera.
People are in rooms playing wall ball.
 Two more people are playing wall ball in a room next to them.
 A woman in a blue shirt stands outside in the hallway.
 A woman is standing in a hallway in front of the rooms.
There is about four kids sitting at a black jack table playing a hand of cards.
 There is a group of adults behind them watching and just standing by.
 The dealer flips some cards and moves some others.
Children are sitting around a green, casino table, and adults are standing behind them.
 A guy moves playing cards around.
 One of the girls on the ends ask the dealer a question and he shakes his head.
Four males,three teenagers and a young boy are outside in a back yard playing croquet.
A group of pine trees is shown beside a house.
As the boys take turns,only one ball goes through the arch as the other ones go in the grass and over the trees.
 Four boys are shown and named in front of the camera.
When the ball comes back,two of the boys begin to play fight with their croquet.
Suddenly,another boy has a large dodge ball like item that he hits and but then it hits the peg it is the actual ball.
After,the real ball is hit from various locations,such as the clubhouse and trampoline until the end where their names are shown and credits are rolled.
 They are then shown playing a game of croquette.
Men in jerseys bent down on the field trying to figure out a play.
A group of team mates are on a field together.
 They are conversing about what the next move is going to be.
 The coaches are standing by talking to the player explaining.
 Coaches are talking to each other in confusion.
 Mean while two players in the back play rock paper scissors.
 They are talking to and looking at an ill or injured player.
A woman in white shirt is brushing the fur of the brown dog as the blow dry bows on top of its head.
litle furry bown dog is sanding on top of a table in a saloon while a woman is combing his hair.
 A woman in white shirt is brushing the white dog's fur while the blow dry blows on its head while in the back, a woman is trimming the light brown dog's fur.
 women are holding dogs on tables.
 woman is standing in front of  aable drying the dog's hair while is combing his hair.
 in the background a young woman is cutting dog's hair.
 A woman in black shirt and another woman in white hold a white poodle and check its ears.
 women are holding dogs on tables.
 in the background a young woman is cutting dog's hair.
 two women are in front of a white poodle combing the hair.